CMake support (#16)
maxbachmann/rapidfuzz-cpp: README.md

- The Python version can be found at [maxbachmann/rapidfuzz](https://github.com/maxbachmann/rapidfuzz)

## Compilation

RadidFuzz now support CMake.
To build it you can do :

    git clone https://github.com/maxbachmann/rapidfuzz-cpp.git rapidfuzz-cpp
    cd rapidfuzz-cpp
    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    cmake --build .
    cmake --build . --target install

RapidFuzz exports its targets to CMake. 
You can easily integrate it in your CMake project with 3 options.

1. include it as a subdirectory:
Clone this repo (or make a copy) into your project source tree, lets say in `3rdparty/RapidFuzz`folder.
Then, in your `CMakeLists.txt` use :

>     add_subdirectory(rapidfuzz-cpp)

Reviewer: I think it would make sence to work with the same subdirectory in all examples.
Right now there is `3rdparty/RapidFuzz`, `3rdparty/rapidfuzz-cpp` and `rapidfuzz-cpp`

Maybe add
```
git submodule add https://github.com/maxbachmann/rapidfuzz-cpp.git 3rdparty/RapidFuzz
```
to the descriptions aswell

Author: I revamped the README.md a little bit in 3a4e1350

    add_executable(foo main.cpp)
    target_link_libraries(foo rapidfuzz::rapidfuzz)  

2. build it at configure time with FetchContent:
    
    FetchContent_Declare( 
      rapidfuzz
        SOURCE_DIR ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/3rdparty/rapidfuzz-cpp
        PREFIX ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/rapidfuzz
        CMAKE_ARGS -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=<INSTALL_DIR> "${CMAKE_OPT_ARGS}"
    )
    FetchContent_MakeAvailable(rapidfuzz)
    add_executable(foo main.cpp)
    target_link_libraries(foo PRIVATE rapidfuzz::rapidfuzz)

> 3. use find_package(rapifuzz) if you install it already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. use find_package(rapidfuzz) if you already have it installed
```

    find_package(rapidfuzz REQUIRED)
    add_executable(foo main.cpp)
    target_link_libraries(foo rapidfuzz::rapidfuzz)

## CMake option 

There are 3 CMake options available :
`BUILD_TESTS` : to build test (default OFF)
`BUILD_STATIC` : to build a static library (default ON)

> `BUILD_SHARED` : to build a shared library (default ON), which produce the target `rapidfuzz::rapidfuzz-static`

Author: this is no more relevant since I removed the BUILD_STATIC/SHARED options

> `BUILD_SHARED` : to build a shared library (default ON), which produce the target `rapidfuzz::rapidfuzz-static`

Reviewer: Yes they should get removed from the readme now
